Minor updates and fixes (#19)
w3c/credential-considerations: credentials-considerations.md

Identity systems which are designed to enable collection of only the minimal information necessary to complete a task are less risky than those which supply additional information. For example, a website which requires a copy of the user's full driver's license for access to content universally considered to be adult-only is riskier than one which requests only a cryptographic signature proving the user is in possession of a driver's license with an age over 18 issued by one of a set of trusted authorities. Even better is if the RP is unable to learn which authority issued the credential, such as by having it signed by a trusted intermediary.

> See also: [abstract claims](https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-model/#favor-abstract-claims); [predicate proofs](https://w3c.github.io/vc-imp-guide/#predicates).

Reviewer: Were you updating this just because the linked version here is a bit behind at the moment? I think we want to keep this pointed at the TR namespace still. When I was editing the VC spec the GitHub link was managed as a kind of staging ground and can sometimes end up pointing out of date.

I believe right now TR is a bit behind just because they're waiting for the publishing of it still, but still tends to be the better link to reference for longevity sake.

Author: Yeah as a living document I assumed we'd want to point to the living version of other docs, but I don't have a strong opinion. Happy to leave at the TR version if others think that's better.

Reviewer: I believe this is a note and I can't remember what the rules are for a note. I can see the benefit to keeping this pointed at the living version since the space is still fairly active. I think if this weren't a note we'd have more restrictions on how it's meant to be.

In any case, I'm not overly opinionated here either, so consider this more of a nit.

If a credential may be used across multiple origins and contains claims that are not inherently linkable, presentations of those claims should be made unlinkable. Support for other capabilities, such as revocation status, should not make an otherwise unlinkable presentation linkable (see: [Revocation](#revocation-linkability), below). Specifications should define the necessary, testable requirements for presentations to be reasonably unlinkable, and identify all claims that are *inherently linkable*.  

> [Zero-knowledge proofs](https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-model/#zero-knowledge-proofs) are emerging as a way to provide a signed proof of a claim from the issuer to the verifier without revealing a linkable signature between two different presentations to different verifiers. [Credential-bound pseudonyms](https://w3c.github.io/vc-di-bbs/#credential-bound-pseudonyms) may be able to provide some of the properties of a unique identifier (such as secure account recovery and rate limiting) without disclosing linkable identity properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Zero-knowledge proofs](https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-model/#zero-knowledge-proofs) are emerging as a way to provide a signed proof of a claim from the issuer to the verifier without revealing a linkable signature between two different presentations to different verifiers. [Credential-bound pseudonyms](https://w3c.github.io/vc-di-bbs/#credential-bound-pseudonyms) may be able to provide some of the properties of a unique identifier (such as secure account recovery and rate limiting) while still reducing the correlation enabled by the claims and metadata. However, it remains highly specific to the claims and metadata disclosed in the use case and implementers are expected to evaulate this on a specific basis.
```

Slight rewordings to help people understand better that while ZKPs help, they can't guarantee the correlation concerns. In many of the authz based cases where people are building authorization logic off of the specific claims provided, this can actually be a disadvantage. For example, if someone is using a mDL credential to recover an account they have to reveal every attribute to make sure that the K-anonymity factor is unique to the person. If for example they only checked the name, then multiple people with the same name could theoretically recover each of the others account.

Reviewer: On re-reading this I'm thinking this suggestion should likely be split out into its own "claims based correlation". Essentially what I'm looking to highlight more specifically is how ZKPs can still lead to over revealing of bit entropy. In Authz cases this is often necessary e.g. how can I be certain the credential used is strongly correlated with the account being recovered. However, in many cases we likely can reduce the requested claims [bit entropy](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2010/01/primer-information-theory-and-privacy). 

My expectation is that verifiers will trend towards requesting more data than they need, and it's the responsibility of the holder software (wallet or browser) to notify the user of the correlation risk based on the correlation risk of the data. How to do this is going to take iterative improvement because for example knowing how many "John Smith" there are is going to be tricky for wallets to know. Furthermore, more common names will have better privacy (and weaker authz probability) than more unique names. So there's an inherent tradeoff here we should be calling out.

If wallets/browsers get this claims estimation right and warn the user they're oversharing I expect sites will start limiting their requested data in order to specifically not trigger these warnings.

Then for this specific text change we go to just "without over-disclosing linkable identity properties." to keep it consistent with the section text and move my suggestion to a separate section/PR.

Wdyt about that @RByers?
